in this experiment you'll be seeing
simple objects appearing on the screen
one after another your job is to make
very simple judgments about these
objects you could judge the color by
making a blue or red response or you
could judge the shape by making a circle
or triangle response these responses are
mapped to keys on the keyboard so for
example you could press D to judge that
this object is blue or you could press J
to judge that it's a circle and you're
free to choose either response you can
either choose blue or circle but you
can't choose both the response Keys will
be different for every one and you'll
see your controls
shortly before beginning the experiment
each time you make a response the target
object will update the overall goal of
the experiment is to earn points and to
do so as quickly as possible and you'll
see two digits appearing on either side
of the target object these digits
correspond to how many points you will
earn for making a left-hand or
right-hand judgment respectively
so for example let's say on this trial
we make a red response and said the
target object is red so the target
object will update and the points for
the task that we just performed there's
a 50% chance that they'll either go down
by a point or stay the same like
flipping a coin meanwhile the points for
the tasks that we didn't just perform
there's a 50% chance they'll either go
up by a point or stay the same like
flipping another coin
so you might notice that you might earn
more points by switching tasks often but
this is also slower and remember you
want to earn points but do so as quickly
as possible let's say that you make a
mistake and press the red key when the
object is actually blue you won't get
points for that trial and it'll take
longer for the next trial to appear for
our attention check we use an accuracy
threshold which means that if you make
too many mistakes you might get your hit
rejected but it's not a high threshold
so if you're paying attention you should
do just fine now remember you won't see
the keys on the screen while you're
performing the task the screen will look
something like this the amount of points
that you currently have will be
displayed on the bottom left portion of
the screen if you ever forget what the
controls are you can hold down the
spacebar at any point and your controls
will be displayed on the screen there
will be a few practice trials before
starting the real thing and you can
repeat these practice trials as many
times as you'd like until you get the
hang of the experiment once you get to
the real experiment you'll see the point
threshold appear that's how many points
you'll have to reach in order for that
portion of the experiment to be over
when you think you're ready to start the
practice push the button to the right
and you'll see your controls before
beginning